Posting Date
06/21/23
Application Deadline
07/19/23
Pay Range
$118,000 - $189,000 annually 
The pay range listed above reflects the FULL pay range for this position. Salary offers are based on the candidate's equivalent experience and internal equity with other employees within the same job classification. The position is not eligible for overtime compensation.
Job Type
Unclassified
Department
Clerk of the Superior Court
About the Position
The Office of the Clerk of the Arizona Superior Court in Maricopa County (Clerk’s Office) is recruiting for the position of Chief Technology and Innovation Officer (CTIO). The CTIO serves as a senior member of the Clerk’s Office Executive Team and leads the Division of Technology and Innovation (DTI) composed of 50+ high-performing IT professionals. The CTIO provides vision and strategy for maximizing technology investments across all areas including application development, quality assurance, data center operations, desktop services, help desk, and security. DTI focuses on leveraging new and emerging technologies (AI, Robotic Process Automation, Azure DevOps, Virtualization, Software Containers) to deliver innovative solutions that improve the Customer Experience and operational efficiency. The CTIO also develops and manages crucial relationships with senior technology leaders of peer, partner, and stakeholder organizations.
About Us
The Clerk’s Office provides critical justice-related services that support the operation of the fourth-largest trial court system in the nation. The Clerk’s Office is staffed by 650 team members that provide direct services to judicial officers, litigants, legal professionals, and others in support of over 150,000 cases annually. Operations focus heavily on customer-facing services, records management, evidence management, financial management, and courtroom support. Operation of the Court and other organizations requires high availability of technology managed by the Clerk’s Office. In recent years the Clerk’s Office has focused on bold transformational change with emphasis on leveraging emerging technologies and increasing access to justice by expanding the ability to obtain services remotely. The achievements of the Office have been recognized with 30 awards since 2019. The role of the Chief Technology and Information Officer (CTIO) contributes significantly to success in daily operations and technology innovation.
Proud To Offer
Work with a greater purpose
Support to our Community
Low-cost, high-value healthcare for you and your qualifying dependents
Enrollment in Arizona State Retirement System
Paid vacation, sick, and parental (birth/adoption) leaves
An extensive wellness program with $60 monthly medical premium discounts
Collaboration with a great team
Employee discounts for goods and services
Learn more at
Why-Work-Here
We Require
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field
Ten (10) years of professional-level experience in business process improvement, strategy development, program management and/or information technology, of which includes five (5) years of management experience.
An equivalent combination of post-secondary education and/or experience may substitute for the minimum requirements on a year-for-year basis.
We Also Value
Experience working in a court or legal environment.
Job Contributions
Develops and executes the technology vision and strategy for Clerk of the Superior Court, in alignment with our mission and values. Oversees the design, development, testing, deployment, and maintenance for all of our technology (apps, systems, integrations).
Articulates the organization's technical vision and roadmap to key stakeholders, partners, and the broader executive leadership team. Presents goals, wins, and progress updates regularly.
Develops, leads, establishes, and maintains short and long-term goals, strategic plans, innovation strategies, and priorities for various projects and programs.
Creates a Program Management Office to qualify and align new initiatives and projects to support the Office Strategic Plans.
Identifies and develops technology innovation capabilities, including new technology products and services supporting lean operations and improved customer experience.
Directs project management, including analytics and business intelligence, to ensure the effective qualification of new initiatives, projects, and development of business requirements.
Directs the information technology groups in the development and delivery of technology projects that support the strategic plan.
Develops annual budgets to ensure alignment is in support of short and long-term innovation initiatives.
Develops strong working relationships with the County, including the County’s process improvement group and the County’s CIO, to collaborate and partner on innovation opportunities.
Generates forward-thinking ideas to improve Office innovation regarding business and technical support.
Working Conditions
Work is performed mostly in an office setting that is high volume, fast-paced, and may at times be stressful. The position requires long periods of sitting while completing computer activities. Work requires travel to and from
job-related locations during the course of a scheduled workday and is subject to County policies regarding the use of County vehicles and/or private vehicles used on County business.
Selection Procedure
Only the most qualified candidates will be considered
Consideration will only be given to candidates who submit online applications
Candidates will be contacted primarily through email and their Workday online application profile
Must pass a pre-employment background and/or fingerprint investigation as required by statute or policy, including drug and alcohol testing requirements for positions designated as safety-sensitive
Maricopa County is an equal opportunity employer.
Apply Now!