About the job

The Chief Information Officer (CIO) is responsible for the hospital’s technology strategy, the broad buildout of technology throughout the organization, solution delivery and maturing agile practices to meet the best in class capabilities. They report directly to the Chief Executive Officer, serves as a member of the Administrative Council and ensures our technology infrastructure is secure, reliable, and up-to-date.

This executive will help Grand River Health be the hospital of choice for our community by partnering closely with leadership to deliver simple, frictionless experiences for the 700+ employees across the full range of clinics, surgery, long-term care center, maintenance, emergency department, helping them to provide care to our community. The ideal candidate will drive innovation, strengthen and evolve application development, and work collaboratively with cross-functional teams and external partners.

Salary: $232,000 - $273,000 dependent on experience

Managerial Responsibilities:
Develops budgets and assures financial health and stewardship of resources
Establishes and directs strategic long-term goals, policies and procedures for information technology and systems.
Develops and executes department projects.
Coordinates between department and clinical/non-clinical staff to ensure effective integration of technology and systems.
Conducts regular service huddles and staff meetings with assigned personnel.
Monitors work output, performance and customer service of assigned personnel and provides feedback to ensure quality work and customer service is provided. Facilitates additional training with staff when required. Responds quickly and effectively to complaints and issues.
Provides support to and maintains communication with the Chief Executive Officer (CEO).
Technical Responsibilities:
Responsible for the management and oversight of the organization’s entire information management system, including hardware and software installation, maintenance, and support for the 700+ employees using our local area network (LAN).
Manages the research, development, selection, installation and maintenance of technology equipment, hardware, software systems, applications, supplies and related equipment to accomplish business objectives.
Effectively manage medical information and meet the needs of patient care staff.
Maintains understanding of healthcare services and technology industry landscape, trends, and current business issues to anticipate and evaluate emerging technology that can be leveraged to enhance the organization’s efficiency

Governance Committees:
Present complex topics to Physicians, Leadership, the Board of Directors and other groups

Minimum Qualifications:
CIO experience in large-scale IT operations
Bachelor’s degree

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working in healthcare and/or other highly regulated industries while serving in an executive IT role
Direct experience with Meditech