About the job

About Arevon

Arevon Energy, Inc. is a leading renewable energy company, supplying clean energy to utilities and corporations across North America. Headquartered in Scottsdale, Ariz., and New York City, Arevon uses innovative approaches and leading-edge technology to finance and manage projects from development through construction to long-term commercial operation. Its financial prowess and industry expertise come together to improve the structure and performance of its platform of wind, solar, and energy storage power plants. Arevon was named one of Arizona’s Top Workplaces in 2022. For more information, please visit: www.arevonenergy.com.

Diversity, equity, and inclusion are central to everything we do. Arevon thrives on and celebrates different views, beliefs, and values. We are committed to our talented team and partners, regardless of background or affiliation, and to actively promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion throughout our business. We strive to be a place where you can be you and bring yourself to work.

Arevon is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to affirmative action planning and encourages diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, gender, age, religion, mental or physical disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran or marital status.

The Position

AREVON is recruiting for the position of Human Resources Generalist, an outstanding opportunity for individuals seeking an exciting, high-growth work environment in one of the most important industries for the 21st century.

Job Description

We are looking for a Human Resources Generalist to perform a variety of personnel-related administrative tasks. The Human Resources Generalist supports all aspects of the company’s Human Resources activities, including administering payroll, general HR processes, and supporting the initiatives within the people team. The Human Resources Generalist reports to the People & Culture, Senior Manager.

Our Human Resources Generalist position requires excellent organizational skills and the ability to handle sensitive information confidentially. If you are passionate about HR policies and procedures and want to help create a nourishing workplace, this position is for you. You will gain HR experience in a fast-paced work environment by supporting and improving all HR functions.

Responsibilities

Payroll processing with the company’s outsourced PEO to include semi-monthly payroll processing, vacation tracking, expense reports, etc.
Conducts or acquires background checks and employment eligibility verifications.
Administers various human resources plans and procedures for all company personnel.
Participates in developing department goals, objectives, and systems.
Conducts onboarding and new hire training effort for all exempt and nonexempt employees.
Maintains company organization charts and employee directory.
Manage the employee lifecycle process of onboarding and offboarding with various technology platforms including the HRIS systems.
Support diversity initiatives with our DE&I affiliated groups.
Provide orientations for new employees by sharing onboarding packages and explaining company policies.
Performs other related duties as required and assigned.

Experience Requirements

2 to 3 years of relevant work experience.
Proven track record of working well within a team environment.
Excellent interpersonal skills, highly motivated and results oriented, process oriented with strong organizational and communication skills.
Benefits Administration.
Performance Management.
Strong organizational, analytical and business planning skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
A high degree of flexibility in adapting to a rapidly changing environment.
Ability to work well under pressure, achieve results in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, and to thrive under short deadlines.
“Hands-on” orientation – willingness to roll-up sleeves and get the work done.
Highly self-motivated, self-directed, and attentive to detail.
Teamwork skills.

Contact Information

If you feel your background and experience meets the job requirements above, we'd love to hear from you. Please complete the easy form application or follow the link below: