About the job

Everyone says they want to change the world. We’re looking for people who actually will.
Alliance Defending Freedom is an alliance-building legal organization that advocates for the right of people to freely live out their faith. Please visit www.adflegal.org/about-us/careers to view our Statement of Faith and Doctrinal Distinctives.

Senior Vice President of Information Technology
Alliance Defending Freedom is seeking an highly talented Senior Vice President of Information Technology to join us in our Scottsdale, AZ or Lansdowne, VA office. As the Senior Vice President of Information Technology, you are a vital part of the ADF team. In this role, you will report to the Executive Vice President and are responsible for providing vision and leadership for developing and implementing information technology initiatives and developing and promulgating fundamentals for IT provisioning. The SVP of IT is expected to direct the planning and implementation of enterprise IT systems to advance the mission of ADF, ensure effective IT provisioning, and lead a high-capacity and high-quality team. You are responsible for all aspects of the organization’s information technology, processes, and systems, including leadership of an IT Program Management Office (PMO).

Your Essential Responsibilities:
In this position, you will:
Partner with executive leadership to advance the organizational mission and strategy through the utilization of technology.
Maintain pace with technological progress, economic change, and organizational needs and provide planning for the future of IT, lead the provisioning of IT resources across the organization through effective oversight of the IT PMO and Enterprise Applications, and IT Operations, provide leadership of IT staff, provide technical leadership to the organization, and promulgate IT principles, including service design, service transition, service operation, and continuous improvement.
Regularly report to executive leadership on IT opportunities and challenges.
Protect the organization from internal and external risks. Information security is a top priority to the organization and risk management includes (but is not limited to) the management of passwords, administrative privileges, email and web browser protection, malware, networks controls, data protection, Wi-Fi access, firewalls, routers and switches, security training and communication, and disaster recovery. Set standards that appropriately balance security risk with business needs, effectively communicate standards to the broader team, and develop practices to hold internal constituents accountable to security standards.
Provide leadership over the operations management of IT services, including equipment inventory and deployment, maintaining maximum uptime, and Service Desk effectiveness.
Manage an effective process to log and fix business systems with quality and timely solutions.
Develop and manage a PMO strategic roadmap, ensure resource alignment with the organization, and ensure systems run smoothly and are widely adopted by the user group. Monitor and manage an appropriate balance between innovation and stabilization of systems and tools.
Develop and apply effective project management practices, scope work, set timelines and due dates, require decision making, and create accountability for results. Institute PMO best practices.
Provide team leader with regular reports on projects, ticket open/close reports, variance reports on expense and CapEx budget, etc.
Establish IT and PMO policies and standards.
Develop and maintain a culture of customer service driven with metrics and feedback.

As a Senior Vice President at ADF, you will:
Set aside the time to pray and think.
Prepare for the future of ADF by developing a succession plan.
Develop and maintain a high-performing team, demonstrate good stewardship of resources, and provide and receive accountability for excellence.
Instill and maintain a bias for action, with a focus on continuous improvement at the department, team, and individual levels.
Act as a servant leader by training, encouraging, coaching, and developing your Team Members.
Foster a spirit of trust and innovation on your team and between IT and the broader organization.
Build relationships with key stakeholders throughout the organization.
Meet regularly with your Team Members to discuss their progress and complete performance reviews.
Approve PTO requests, timecards, and expense reports.

Other Responsibilities (Non-Essential):
You will be asked to perform related duties or special projects as assigned.

Skills you need to succeed:
Knowledge of:
Deep knowledge of technology, systems, platforms, industry trends, security, networks, etc.
Strong knowledge of contracting, negotiating, and directing organizational change
Demonstrated proficiency in:
Managing a departmental budget.
Conducting broad strategic planning processes.
Managing technologies.
Managing requests for cross-team requirements.
Risk management and mitigation.
Ability to:
Initiate, work, and motivate within a team or independently.
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.
Excellent organizational and analytical skills.
Lead organizational change management.

Education and/or experience:
A master’s degree in computer science, information technology, operations research or business administration, or equivalent experience preferred.
15+ years of experience in a technical role required.
15+ years of experience leading information technology and/or leading technology teams.
To complete your application, please submit a cover letter with your application.
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR AN ORGANIZATION WITH A COMPETITIVE
COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS PACKAGE, TOO?
We have it! Alliance Defending Freedom offers team members a competitive compensation and benefits package that includes major medical insurance, dental care, medical and dependent care reimbursement, paid disability, long-term care insurance, and life insurance. We also offer a 401(k) plan with a generous company match. Work and life balance is important to the well-being of our team members. You will receive paid time off (PTO) that starts accruing from your hire date and 11 paid holidays per year.
